## Stratego
-----------

### Introduction
This project is a simple implementation of the game Stratego. The game is played on a 10x10 board. Each player has 40 pieces, 1 flag, 1 bomb, 6 scouts, 8 miners, 5 sergeants, 4 lieutenants, 4 captains, 3 majors, 2 colonels, 1 general, and 1 marshal. The pieces are placed on the board at the beginning of the game. The pieces are moved by the players in turns. The goal of the game is to capture the flag of the opponent. The game ends when one of the players captures the flag of the opponent or when all the pieces of one of the players are captured.

### How to play
The game is played by two players. The players take turns to move their pieces. The first player is the red player and the second player is the blue player. The players can move their pieces by entering the coordinates of the piece they want to move and the coordinates of the destination. The coordinates are entered in the following format: (x,y). The x coordinate is the column number and the y coordinate is the row number. The columns are numbered from 0 to 9 and the rows are numbered from 0 to 9. The first player is the red player and the second player is the blue player. The red player moves first. The players can move their pieces by entering the coordinates of the piece they want to move and the coordinates of the destination. The coordinates are entered in the following format: (x,y). The x coordinate is the column number and the y coordinate is the row number. The columns are numbered from 0 to 9 and the rows are numbered from 0 to 9. The first player is the red player and the second player is the blue player. The red player moves first. The players can move their pieces by entering the coordinates of the piece they want to move and the coordinates of the destination. The coordinates are entered in the following format: (x,y). The x coordinate is the column number and the y coordinate is the row number. The columns are numbered from 0 to 9 and the rows are numbered from 0 to 9. The first player is the red player and the second player is the blue player. The red player moves first. The players can move their pieces by entering the coordinates of the piece they want to move and the coordinates of the destination. The coordinates are entered in the following format: (x,y). The x coordinate is the column number and the y coordinate is the row number. The columns are numbered from 0 to 9 and the rows are numbered from 0 to 9. The first player is the red player and the second player is the blue player. The red player moves first. The players can move their pieces by entering the coordinates of the piece they want to move and the coordinates of the destination. The coordinates are entered in the following format: (x,y). The x coordinate is the column number and the y coordinate is the row number. The columns are numbered from 0 to 9 and the rows are numbered from 0 to 9. The first player

### How to run
The game can be run by executing the following command in the terminal:
```ant build run ```

### How to test
The game can be tested by executing the following command in the terminal:
```ant build test```

### How to generate the documentation
The documentation can be generated by executing the following command in the terminal:
```ant build doc```

### How to generate the jar file
The jar file can be generated by executing the following command in the terminal:
```ant build jar```

_________________________________________
This project was created by: dochot.be for the course Software at the University of Mons (2019).


This file was generated by Github Copilot.